Son of a bitch
I was drunk on the day Wen Yan passed away a month ago
Did Yunchu send me back?
Yes he stayed all night
Yes
That day, Miss Xia said that he was afraid to take the train alone
You were drunk again and slept soundly.
I didn't mean to ask you
I put him to sleep in the guest room downstairs without authorization
I fell asleep. He was in the guest room the whole time.
Then I don't know.
Okay, got it.
grandma
My tight marriage won't last
No, grandma can see clearly that you like to be tight
Tight is not without feelings for you
Are you getting old and confused?
I and Deep Field are a pair
Keep your mouth clean
Don't want to get up
The reason why Jingshen delayed not divorcing you
It's not because you two have feelings
I'm afraid that this dead old woman can't stand it
Presumptuous
I kicked this bitch out
It's all buried, grandma
Grandma
Ah I want I'm going to kill